[docs] Add more details about PR conventions. NFC (#20253)
emscripten-core/emscripten: docs/process.md

      should pass after each commit).
   When landing multiple commits in such a scenario, use the "rebase" option,
   to avoid a merge commit.

>  * Add `NFC` to the end of the PR title for Non-Function Changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `NFC` to the end of the PR title for Non-Functional Changes (i.e.,
   changes that do not add/modify functionality, such as internal refactoring).
```

 * Add a `[prefix]` to start of the PR title to signify the subsystem or area

>    that the PR targets. e.g. `[test] Update foo test` or `[ports] Fix zlib port`

Reviewer: In this case the PR seems to more suggest what we should do rather than document existing practices :smile: but sgtm!

Author: We have done it sometimes.. but inconsistently.  e.g. `foo:` vs `[foo]`
